README.md, before:

# Pragmateam code challenge server (GO)

## Framework & languages
This project uses
* Golang 1.17

### Run project

- `go run main.go` - Start the server (http://localhost:8081)

### Run tests

- `go test` - Run unit tests on terminal

### Things to be done

- We are assuming that the setup is correct, but if the setup was incorrect (eg.: min 4º and max 3º) probably the application would need to have more validations and should break or alert in some way (Either the setup itself would need to be made by an interface with some control and validations).
- Inside `providers.Sensor` being using the same type `models.Sensor` to act as a model entity and as a placeholder to desserialize json is not a good ideia. I would probably create a separated type to desserialize json in, and so map this type to the real `models.Sensor` model entity.
- All variable settings (eg.: Sensor provider API endpoint) would need to be put into a config file.
- A service layer could be created to run the flow that, today, is on the controller, making it cleaner.
- All error handling would need to be enhanced.

Commit message:

Adding an important note on README.

README.md, after:

# Pragmateam code challenge server (GO)

## Framework & languages
This project uses
* Golang 1.17

### Run project

- `go run main.go` - Start the server (http://localhost:8081)

### Run tests

- `go test` - Run unit tests on terminal

### Note

- About the main card topic "Improve test coverage", I would honestly say that I refactored more than I increased test coverage, but that was because in my opinion, more important than increasing the coverage of useless code was isolating valuable business code and then cover tests on it.

### Things to be done

- We are assuming that the setup is correct, but if the setup was incorrect (eg.: min 4º and max 3º) probably the application would need to have more validations and should break or alert in some way (Either the setup itself would need to be made by an interface with some control and validations).
- Inside `providers.Sensor` being using the same type `models.Sensor` to act as a model entity and as a placeholder to desserialize json is not a good ideia. I would probably create a separated type to desserialize json in, and so map this type to the real `models.Sensor` model entity.
- All variable settings (eg.: Sensor provider API endpoint) would need to be put into a config file.
- A service layer could be created to run the flow that, today, is on the controller, making it cleaner.
- All error handling would need to be enhanced.
